Update iframe-identical-name-equivalent-purpose-4b1c6c.md (#1555)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/iframe-identical-name-equivalent-purpose-4b1c6c.md

## Background

> When determining if target elements embed the same resource, resolving the embedded resource may include any redirects that are instant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When determining if target elements embed the same resource, resolving the embedded resource includes any redirects that are instant.
```
I'd prefer a more direct formulation as "may include" can give the feeling that tester can choose whether they want to include it or not.
